Precision on events max KB size (#2447)
segmentio/segment-docs: src/connections/sources/catalog/libraries/server/ruby/index.md

+ whenever messages are queued and there is no outstanding request

There is a maximum of `500KB` per batch request and `32KB` per call.

> > Note that even if batch request accept a maximum of `500KB`, each indivduall items should stay under `32KB`.

Author: ```suggestion
> Note that even if batch request accepts a maximum of `500KB`, each individual item should stay under `32KB`.
```
